add content for issue 994 (#1008)
heptio/ark: docs/azure-config.md

  * Replace `<YOUR_TIMEOUT>`. See the [VolumeSnapshotLocation definition][8] for details.

> * (Optional, use only if you need to specify multiple volume snapshot locations) In `examples/aws/10-deployment.yaml` (or `examples/aws/10-deployment-kube2iam.yaml`, as appropriate):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (Optional, use only if you need to specify multiple volume snapshot locations) In `examples/azure/10-deployment.yaml`:
```
